TATYNERDS PRIVATE LIMITED  
www.marmeto.com  
hi@marmeto.com  

08575087508  
​
                                                              ​
                                                                                 TA Manual 
 
For the purposes of this Policy, "Marmeto" refers to the operating name under which the business is conducted. The 
registered legal entity associated with Marmeto is Tatynerds Private Limited, a company duly incorporated as per 
Companies Act 2013 and registered as an MSME under the MSMED Act 2006. In this document, any reference to 
"Marmeto" shall be deemed to refer to the legal entity Tatynerds Private Limited.​
​
Objective : 
To acquire the right talent for the right job, thereby working towards the achievement of the Organizational Goals.​
  
Scope : 
 Applicable for all types of projects – Organization wide 
 
Entry Criteria : 
1.​ Approved Manpower Plan (AMP) for FY 
2.​ Attrition - Resignation / Other separation 
3.​ Manpower Requisition Form (MRF) 

 
MANPOWER PLANNING : Based on the following Project Requirement, input are given by the Hiring Manager 
that is in line with the ABP approved by the Founder, the hiring estimation is consolidated and shared with HMs for 
additional Manpower requirements based on the anticipated projects for the year and separations in their respective 
department. HMs, based on the existing resource loading, then plans for the additional manpower required and are 
put up for further processing and talent acquisition team collates the same. 
 
TRACKING MPP : Recruitment team evaluates the requisitions received and if the no. of requirements are over 
and above, the approval has to be taken from the founder. 
 
The recruitment can happen as per MPP either in the grade approved or any grade lower than the approved grade. For 
any grade higher than the approved grade, approval from the founder has to be obtained. On receipt of the MRF, 

                                                 Head Office: M.B. -08, 1st Floor, Street no. 1, Shakarpur, New Delhi - 110092 



TATYNERDS PRIVATE LIMITED  
www.marmeto.com  
hi@marmeto.com  

08575087508  
check if the position can be closed through Internal posting, if it's feasible, release GROW (Get Ready for 
Opportunities Within) to all employees, except for the closure of Outsource & freshers positions, if not possible then 
an employee referral ad may also be released. For all the Transfers the approval has to be sought from the respective 
department head and the founder. 
 
SOURCING : Sourcing of any candidates can be through Networking / Consultants / Job portals / Employee 
Referral Scheme / Campus / Company website / Walk-in.  After HR screening, screened CVs will be forwarded to 
the HM for further shortlisting. Applicants need to also qualify the Assessment with 60% and above for the Tech 
Team.  
 
SELECTION : 
●​ A shortlisted candidate will have to appear for the test / interview as applicable for the profile applied for. 
●​ The levels of interview will depend on the position of hire (minimum two levels). The panelist should be 

decided by the HR in consensus with stakeholders. The employee who has referred the candidate cannot be a part of 
the panel.  
●​ After the interview, an assessment  sheet with the detailed comments needs to be filled for every candidate by 

the panelist. A detailed feedback to be provided incase of rejection of candidates for the better understanding of the 
recruiter. 
●​ Selected candidates will be given a psychometric / DISC assessment before the technical interview, HR 

interview and the report will be referred by the HR before the final selection. Interview Feedback form to be 
administered for all the candidates after Technical / HR interview. 
●​ Salary Band's decision is at the discretion of the HR. 

 
OFFER : Shortlisted candidates will then be asked to provide documentary evidence to substantiate their claim of 
existing CTC. Based on the documents produced, the offer will be sent for approval to the Senior VP. Once the 
approval is received, an indicative number will then be released by HR to the candidate. 
 
OFFER ACCEPTANCE : Post accepting the offer by the candidate, an email is sent to the HM informing the date 
of joining of the candidate. Employment Agreement to be issued to the candidate on the date of joining.​
​
JOINING PROCESS OF NEW CANDIDATES : 

                                                 Head Office: M.B. -08, 1st Floor, Street no. 1, Shakarpur, New Delhi - 110092 



TATYNERDS PRIVATE LIMITED  
www.marmeto.com  
hi@marmeto.com  

08575087508  
To ensure smooth transition of new entrants into Marmeto and acquaint them with the organization, workplace, 
policies and processes. 
 
Process :  
●​ TA circulates the new joinee intimation 7 days in advance before joining the respective departments. 
●​ All concerned departments make the arrangements specified in new joinee advance intimation. 
●​ HM nominates a member to act as the Buddy for the new joinee. 
●​ The new joinee reports to the HR department at Bangalore. 
●​ Onboarding SPOC hands over joining kits to new joinee, provides the new employee ID and includes it into the 

ZOHO HRMS. 
●​ The new joinee fills the specified forms online and hands them over along with other documents to Onboarding 

SPOC. 
●​ Onboarding SPOC verifies completed forms. 
●​ Onboarding SPOC then handover the new joinee to the department. 
●​ The new joinee reports to his/her department, meets a buddy and is introduced to all members of the 

department. 
●​ The buddy hand holds the new joinee until he/she is comfortable within the new environment 

 
Turn Around Time : 

Stage 1 Stage 2 TAT 
 MRF Received Intake Meeting 24 working Hrs 

 Intake Meeting Profile Submission 48 working hrs 

 Feedback on Submitted Profiles *** 48 working hrs 

 Interview Schedule post receipt of the Profile feedback *** 24 working Hrs 

 Interview Assessment Sheet to be filled for both selected 
*** 24 working Hrs 

and rejected candidate 

 Selection of candidate Offer release 48 working hrs 

 Offer release Onboarding As per Notice period 

                                                 Head Office: M.B. -08, 1st Floor, Street no. 1, Shakarpur, New Delhi - 110092 



TATYNERDS PRIVATE LIMITED  
www.marmeto.com  
hi@marmeto.com  

08575087508  
     

** in case of drop out, the TAT cycle reduces by 50% of working hrs 

 

                                                 Head Office: M.B. -08, 1st Floor, Street no. 1, Shakarpur, New Delhi - 110092